gh-91539: improve performance of get_proxies_environment (#91566)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-04-15-11-29-38.gh-issue-91539.7WgVuA.rst

> Improve performance of ``urllib.request.get_proxies_environment`` when there are many environment variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve performance of ``urllib.request.getproxies_environment`` when there are many environment variables
```
